## Python LangGraph Tutorial ##
LangGraph is a framework that let us build AI agents as graphs, where each node does a task and each edges decides what happens next.

## Installation ##
pip install langgraph langchain-core langchain_openai langchain_community

### Elements of LangGraph ###

1. **State:** It is shared data structure that holds the current information or context of the entire application.
2. **Nodes:** Nodes are individual functions or operations that perform specific task within the graph
3. **Edges:** Edges are connection between nodes that determines the flow of execution.
4. **Conditional Edges:** Specialized connections taht decide the next node to execute.
5. **START:** virtual entry point in LangGraph, making where the workflow begins.
6. **END:** Signifies the concludion of the workflow in LangGraph.
7. **Tools:** Specialized functions or utilites that nodes can utilize to perform specific tasks such as fetching data from API.
8. **ToolNode:** Special kind of node whose main job is to run a tool. It connects the tools output in the state whcih will be used by another state.
9. **StateGraph:** class in LangGraph used to build the workflow.
10. **Runnable:** fundamental building blocks, allowing for us to create modular system.


**Types of Messages:**

1. Human Message: Represents a input from user
2. AI Message: Represents a responses generated by AI models
3. Function Message: Represents the response of a function call
4. Tool Message: Similar to function messages but specific for a tool
5. System Message: Used to provide instructions or context to the model

**Topics Covered:**
1. Simple Node Graph:
    The simple node graph illustrates the basic of LangGraph. 
2. Multi Node Graph:
    This 
3. Conditional Node Graph:

4. Loop Concept in Lang Graph:

5. Simple AI Bot
    - Define state structure with a list of HumanMessages object
    - Initialize the Lama3 with OpenAI lama
    - Sending and handling different types of messages
    - Building and Compiling the graph of an Agent
